# TREC-Complex-answer-retrieval-Track

Report is uploaded in the repository. It's called Prototype_1_team5.pdf.

# Installation Instructions for Java 

A precompiled jar file can be found in target/ds_a1-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar

Here's the command line to run it. 

java -jar ds_a1-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar flag Lucene_INDEX Output_Dir *Outline_CBOR *Clusters_info

flag is either "-hw" or "-v"

1. For "-hw":

   It will give you three runfiles for different heading weight. Use it by the following command line.
     
     java -jar ds_a1-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar flag Lucene_INDEX Output_Dir *Outline_CBOR  
  
  
2. For "-v":

  It will give you a file which stores information about paragraph vectors for clustring use. Use it by the following command line.
  
   java -jar ds_a1-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar flag Lucene_INDEX Output_Dir
   
  Note that here you cannot use the original index files. You need to use the index files which have the vector information. You can find a sample index file on server /home/py1004/index_file_v
 
The original index file on server is here /home/ns1077/ParagraphIndex. There is also a precompiled jar file on server in /home/py1004. Feel free to test it on server. 

You can also compile the source code by "mvn package". Then you'll find the jar file in target.

# Usage of python scripts

1. createVector.py:

    the command line for using it is 
    
    createVectors.py [para_vectors] [kmeans_result.xml]  
    
    the input is the paragraph_vectors_file which is generated by the java program. And it will give you a output which is k-means result in a xml format.
    
2. reRanker.py:

   the command line for using it is 
   
   reRanker.py [input_runfile] [input_clusters]
   
   input is the runfile and xml file and it will calculate the cosin similarity between each query and centroids from k-means.

  

